Added a warning if primary config is missing _self_ (#1756)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/versioned_docs/version-1.1/upgrades/1.0_to_1.1/changes_to_default_composition_order.md

</div>

## Migration

> If your application uses `hydra.main`, the best way to verify updating Hydra versions does not change your configurations is to run `python my_app.py --cfg job` to get the configuration on both the new and old Hydra versions and compare them. If your application uses the Compose API, please make sure you have comprehensive unit tests on the composed configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application uses `hydra.main`, the best way to verify that updating Hydra versions does not change your job configurations is to compare the output of `python my_app.py --cfg job` on both the new and old Hydra versions. If your application uses the Compose API, please make sure you have comprehensive unit tests on the composed configuration.
```

    # this is unfortunately verbose due to @dataclass limitations
    defaults: List[Any] = field(default_factory=lambda: defaults)

    # Hydra will populate this field based on the defaults list
    db: Any = MISSING
```

### Primary config is a config file with a Structured Config schema
If you use Structured Config as a schema for your primary config, be sure to add `_self_` after the schema in the Defaults List, otherwise the schema will override the config instead of the other way around.

<div className="row">
<div className="col col--4">

```python title="my_app.py"
@dataclass
class Config:
  host: str = "localhost"
  port: int = 8080

cs.store(name="base_config", 
         node=Config)
```

</div>

<div className="col  col--4">

```yaml {3,5} title="config.yaml"
defaults:
 - base_config  # schema
 - _self_       # after schema

port: 3306

```

</div>

<div className="col  col--4">

```yaml {2} title="Output config"
host: localhost # schema
port: 3306      # config.yaml

```

</div>

</div>

### Compatibility with both Hydra 1.0 and 1.1
If your config must be compatible with both Hydra 1.0 and 1.1, Insert `_self_` as the first item in the Defaults List.

> Hydra 1.0.7 (or newer releases in Hydra 1.0) ignores `_self_` in the Defaults List and and Hydra 1.1 will compose the same config as Hydra 1.0 if `_self_` is the first item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hydra 1.0.7 (or newer releases in Hydra 1.0) ignores `_self_` in the Defaults List and Hydra 1.1 will compose the same config as Hydra 1.0 if `_self_` is the first item.
```
